This is a draft of the specification.


HTTPS Content Signatures

The HTTPS Content Signatures extension provides a means of specifying
the HTTPS Response Bodies a server is supposed to return for given
paths. Together with Certificate Transparency, the use of this extension
makes it possible for users of a website to be notified of changes to
security-critical parts of the website, even if those changes are only
served to a small number of users.

This extension consists of a set of (path, hash) pairs. The path of each
pair may be either an absolute path, such as "/index.js?arg=1%3F", in
which case it applies to all domain names using the certificate, or a
fully qualified URL, such as "https://example.com/index.js?arg=1%3F".
The hash of each pair is an algorithm identifier string, such as
"sha256", concatenated with a dash "-", concatenated with a lowercase
hexadecimal digest of the expected content located at the path. The only
valid algorithm is currently sha256.

A user agent supporting this extension MUST NOT process any response to
a request to a path included in this extension and MUST show a un-
circumventable security error instead if any of the following happen:

(1) The hash does not match the response the user agent received.

(2) The user agent thinks the algorithm specified is not valid as
defined above.

(3) The user agent receives a response code other than 200 or 302.

The user agent MAY allow responses with response code 302 if the
resource the user agent is redirected to matches the hash. Otherwise, it
MUST block 302 responses as described above. In any case, a user agent
MUST block responses following 302 redirection if the response does not
match the hash for the original path (and also if it doesn't match the
hash for the new path).

This extension MAY be marked critical.

id-ce-httpsContentSignatures OBJECT IDENTIFIER ::=  { id-ce 66 }

HttpsContentSignatures ::= SET {
  hashes SEQUENCE {
    path UTF8String,
    hash UTF8String } }